we're standing outside of the 1944
visitor center and it is connected to
the Alumni Center here at Clemson we
hope that you will come up in there and
leave an alumni right now we're seeing a
Bowman field campus if it was later in
the day you'll see people laying out
like frisbee bad girls playing soccer
football whatever they liked and you get
Wireless right on Bowman field but we
like to think of Clemson campus as a
bull's-eye this Center would be the
library and then the next ring is the
academic buildings the next ring the
residence halls and then we have parking
at their bracket this is kind of the
ology building galaxies you know here we
have party which is now the home to the
history department but and you can't
really see the name like I say because
all the trees are in full bloom but it's
this building right here that's the
first academic building on Clemson
campus Thomas and Anna had three
children however they out lives all
three of them so when deciding what to
do with their property and the excited
journey to the state in the form of a
land-grant college that M is how Clemson
was created we are a public university
fourteen thousand undergrad and 17,500
with graduate students and there's
nothing like Clemson on game day and we
are said to have the 25 most exciting
seconds in college football when our
Tigers are up the rock and run down the
field
these have tile floors and a sink
Anitra's as opposed to the other side of
campus have carpets and nursing and this
building right here rigs is another
engineering
building and what we passed by I want
you to look up and if you can see this
little gargoyle kind of looking things
on the top those are said to be the
faces of the professor's giving their
first engineering inventory of coffee
shop and that is I've been to one
against them
a lot of times like that sunny you can
give that extra boost of energy in
academic success center that is a
resource for all students here at
Clemson it's free tutors for their
students we have obviously the Eastside
food court that we just walked by we
have a Barnes & Nobles bookstore and
that's what you can order your textbooks
feel some McKissack theater which is a
movie theater on campus for students
with either free or super cheap tickets
and they different programs and movies
going all the time it has a bug fix but
most people are gonna loft both beds
put a futon under one and TV on top of a
mini microfridge one of the football
games last year he dressed up as the
tiger mascot in us every time our team
scores on the tiger does push-ups
however many points we get so president
burger jumped on and did his push-ups
and everything so is super fun and he
helps with move-in day and everything
like that there is no place like Clemson
and especially on game day so this
really concludes
the formal part of our tour I'm going to
be walking back up to the visitors
center so if you have any questions feel
free to ask me on the way